Getting started gizmos notice (#7762)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/GettingStartedWithTheMRTK.md

1. Close the TMP dialog. After this you need to reload the scene. You can do this by double-clicking the scene in the Project tab.

> 1. Uncheck or shrink the size of the 3d icons under the Gizmos tab in the Scene view to make the scene easier to look at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Uncheck or shrink the size of the 3d icons under the Gizmos tab in the Scene view to reduce scene clutter
```
